So this is a little bit of a weird lecture,
but it's about right sizing in AWS
and the exam may ask you one question about it.
So the idea is that because you have so many
instance types to choose in the cloud,
choosing the most powerful one is not the best choice,
because the cloud is elastic
and you can change the instance type whenever you want.
So right sizing is a process of matching
the instance type and size to your workload performance
and capacity requirements at the lowest possible cost.
Making sure the size is right.
Because why?
In the cloud well, you can scale up easily.
So always start small to find the right size.
It's also the process of continuously looking at
all your deployed instances.
And for example, looking at their metrics to identify
which are the opportunities to eliminate
or downsize without compromising on quality,
on capacity, performance and so on,
which will in turn, results in lower cost.
So it's super important to right size
in two moments in your cloud journey.
Number one, before you do a cloud migration,
because it is very common for a company
to just migrate to the cloud,
puts everything with biggest instance size and forget it.
This is not the best way.
Please right size before you do cloud migration.
And then once you've done the climate migration,
you need to do it continuously.
Maybe once a month,
because requirements change over time
and it's important to see if you need to
right size up or right-size down.
Okay?
So there's some tools that can help you right size.
For example,
CloudWatch, Cost Explorer, Trusted Advisor,
and other third-party tools that can help.
Okay?
So right sizing is very important.
The thing is you need to always scale up over time,
so start small.
And number two, you right size just before a cloud migration
and also continuously in the cloud.
That's it.
That's all you need to know for the exam.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.